April is after what month?
may
April is the fourth month of the year, and comes between March and May.
15
The meaning of the diamond is innocence.
It was originally the second month in the old Roman Calendar, before the start of the new year was put to January 1.
April 28 - National Day (Sardinia)  April 28 - National Heroes Day (Barbados)  April 29 - Showa Day (Japan), birthday of Emperor Hirohito, who died in 1989  April 29 - International Dance Day  April 30 - Former Queen's Day Holiday in the Netherlands (changed to King's Day, April 27 in 2014), was the birthday of former Queen Juliana of the Netherlands  April 30 - Flag Day in Sweden (birthday of King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden)  April 30 - International Jazz Day
April 30 - Walpurgis Night (Central and Northern Europe)   Moveable Events  thumb|200px|right|Eggs celebrating Easter, which often falls in April, but sometimes falls in March.
End of Daylight Saving Time - Clocks going back one hour: Southeast Australia, and New Zealand Chile  Marathon Events in the following cities: Belgrade, Serbia Boston, Massachusetts, United States Brighton, United Kingdom Enschede, Netherlands London, United Kingdom Madrid, Spain Paris, France Rotterdam, Netherlands Utrecht, Netherlands Zurich, Switzerland   Selection of Historical Events  thumb|180px|right|Inauguration celebration for Nunavut on April 1, 1999.
The Islamic Republic of Iran is founded.
The Netherlands introduces same-sex marriage, as the first country to do so.
April 9, 1940 - World War II: Denmark and Norway are invaded by Nazi Germany.
April 18, 1980 - Zimbabwe gains full independence.
April 19, 1971 - Sierra Leone becomes a republic.
April 22, 1502 - Pedro Alvares Cabral becomes the first European to reach present-day Brazil.
April 24, 1990 - The Hubble Space Telescope is launched on the Space Shuttle Discovery.
April 26, 1986 - A reactor explosion occurs at the Chernobyl nuclear plant in present-day Ukraine, with radiation spreading around Europe and the world.
April 30, 1789 - George Washington becomes the first President of the United States.
The sweet pea and daisy are the traditional birth flowers for April.
In what continent is Brazil?
South America
Brazil (officially called Federative Republic of Brazil; how to say: ) is a country in South America.
14
The country has about 201 million people.
Brazil was named after brazilwood.
Soon, explorers explored the whole coastline of Brazil and colonies were set up.
In 1822, Brazil claimed to be its own country and not a part of Portugal anymore.
Soon there was civil war.
But the emperor Pedro II improved the economy, and in 1888, he freed the slaves.
In 1889, there was a military coup and Pedro II had to leave the country.
Languages Most people in Brazil speak Portuguese.
0.8% of Brazilians speak German as their first language.
Guaraní and Aymará are the first languages of a small number of Brazilians.
Geography  Brazil has the world's largest rainforest, the Amazon Rainforest.
Brazil also has other types of land, including a type of savanna called cerrado, and a dry plant region named caatinga.
Its people include people of Portuguese or other European descent, African descent, and native Amerindians, as well as many people of mixed origins.
Brazil also has the biggest number of Japanese descendents outside Japan.
