0

  cast main cast   sean young as dr. stephanie brody   michael mckean as dr. simon august   gary friedkin as dr. milton chamberlain   kyle t. heffner as dr. chamberlain   rick overton as dr. flicker   crystal bernard as julie   ted mcginley as dr. devol   saul rubinek as kurtzman   harry dean stanton as dr. ludwig   hector elizondo as angelo   pamela reed as nurse sprockett   dabney coleman as dr. prang   michael richards as malamud callahan   supporting cast   taylor negron as dr. phil burns   patrick collins as dr. walter rist   titos vandis as sal bonafetti   patrick macnee as jacobs   haunani minn as nurse chang   becky gonzalez as nurse perez   lynne marie stewart as nurse thatcher   esther sutherland as nurse willa mae   ann washington as nurses annie   hillary horan as nurse theresa   coleen maloney as nurse jones   cc crown as nurse sanchez ( credited as claudia crown )   sonya jennings as nurse nina ( credited as sonia jennings )   kelly moran as skateboard nurse   patti proctor as valerie   toni hudson as bunny   kimberly mcarthur as jyll omato   julie roth as glenda   arlene eustis as bobby   deborah lacey as phone striper   ellaraino as doctor stevens ( credited as ella raino edwards )   arnold margolin as doctor whitehat   charlie brill as doctor quick   thomas byrd as new intern ( credited as tom byrd )   frank pesce as rocco   tessa richarde as rocco 's wife   nicholas mele as jerry   jill owens as angelo 's wife   tony kerum as guido   william ed cree as mr. bannerman   james o'connell as blind officer   diane markoff as emilia   walter scott as bed mechanic   reynaldo rey as cicerelli   art kassul as   cop with assault victim   millee taggart as miss ditka   nancy lane as mrs. pendergast ( credited as nancy davis - lane )   billie bird as flower lady   lisa lindgren as usherette # 1   kathleen marshall as usherette # 2 ( credited as kathi marshall )   stuart charno as warren the orderly   larry flash jenkins as paul the orderly   cary schuman as arnold the orderly   keith a. wester as hospital announcer ( credited as keith wester )   john steadman as 82-year - old man   dottie archibald as woman who almost got licked   scott marshall as boy with fly   margie anderson as boy with fly 's mother   robert ball as mickey callaghan ( credited as robert e. ball )   neal kaz as ward patient # 1   bob pekurny as ward patient # 2   george furth as disgusting looking patient   robert iannucci as calvin klein model   lou evans as nervous patient   ogden talbot as man in wheelchair   eric macdonald as little cowboy   john moschitta jr. as complaining man   david dozer as santa claus   frank campanella as young simon 's grandfather   ed begley jr. as young simon 's father   fran peach as young simon 's mother   david friedman as young simon   lori marshall as football playing maid   hamilton camp as oscar katz   susan cotton as newscaster   michael elias as spectator   alexandra balahoutis as spoiled brat   stephanie dizon as little girl in park   shad davis as little boy in park   rose michtom as mrs. pierce   peggy trentini as christmas elf   ray saar as party guest   kimberly louis as party guest   david ketchum as balloon man ( credited as dave ketchum )   soap opera cameo appearances   john beradino   emily mclaughlin   michael damian   steven ford   chris robinson   stuart damon   jaime lyn bauer   tom ligon   kin shriner   janine turner   jacklyn zeman   susan lucci   uncredited roles   paul stanley as himself ( scenes deleted )   richard dean anderson as drug dealer   phil boroff as outdoor cafe patron   john e. coleman as featured   monique gabrielle as featured   cynthia geary as girl with broken nose   demi moore as new intern   reception   the film was a moderate box office success with over $ 30 million .

movie debuts : " young doctors in love " introduced this actor , now tv 's kramer

michael richards