0

  the papers of george washington , university of virginia    2004   marva collins   gertrude himmelfarb   hilton kramer   madeleine l'engle   harvey mansfield   john searle   shelby steele   united states capitol historical society    2003   robert ballard   joan ganz cooney   midge decter   joseph epstein   elizabeth fox - genovese   jean fritz   hal holbrook   edith kurzweil   frank m. snowden , jr.   john updike    2002   frankie hewitt   iowa writers ' workshop   donald kagan   brian lamb   art linkletter   patricia maclachlan   the mount vernon ladies ' association   thomas sowell    2001   josé cisneros   robert coles   sharon darling   william manchester   richard peck   eileen jackson southern   tom wolfe   national trust for historic preservation    2000   robert n. bellah   will d. campbell   judy crichton   david c. driskell   ernest gaines   herman t. guerrero   quincy jones   barbara kingsolver   edmund s. morgan   toni morrison   earl shorris   virginia driving hawk sneve    1999   patricia battin   taylor branch   jacquelyn dowd hall   garrison keillor   jim lehrer   john rawls   steven spielberg   august wilson    1998   stephen e. ambrose   e. l. doctorow   diana l. eck   nancye brown gaj   henry louis gates , jr.   vartan gregorian   ramón eduardo ruiz   arthur m. schlesinger , jr.   garry wills    1997   nina m. archabal   david a. berry   richard franke   william friday   don henley   maxine hong kingston   luis leal   martin marty   paul mellon   studs terkel    charles frankel prize     1996   rita dove   doris kearns goodwin   daniel kemmis   arturo madrid   bill moyers    1995   william r. ferris   charles kuralt   david macaulay   david mccullough   bernice johnson reagon    1994   ernest l. boyer   william kittredge   peggy whitman prenshaw   sharon percy rockefeller   dorothy porter wesley    1993   ricardo e. alegría   john hope franklin   hanna gray   andrew heiskell   laurel t. ulrich    1992   allan bloom   shelby foote   richard rodriguez   harold k. skramstad , jr.   eudora welty    1991   winton blount   ken burns   louise cowan   karl haas   john tchen    1990   mortimer adler   henry hampton   bernard m.w. knox   david van tassel   ethyle r. wolfe    1989   patricia l. bates   daniel boorstin   willard l. boyd   clay jenkinson   américo paredes    references    external links   * category:humanities awards humanities category:awards established in 1988 category:national endowment for the humanities

oh , the humanities ! : this member of the eagles won a national humanities medal for his work with the walden woods project

don henley