0

r. douglas stuart jr. , american businessman and diplomat , united states ambassador to norway ( b. 1916 )    2014    – joseph p. teasdale , american lawyer and politician , 48th governor of missouri ( b. 1936 ) 2015 – zeki alasya , turkish actor and director ( b. 1943 )    2015    – mwepu ilunga , congolese footballer ( b. 1949 )    2015    – menashe kadishman , israeli sculptor and painter ( b. 1932 )    2015    – juan schwanner , hungarian - chilean footballer and manager ( b. 1921 )    2015    – atanas semerdzhiev , bulgarian soldier and politician , 1st vice president of bulgaria ( b. 1924 )   holidays and observances christian feast day : agathius amato ronconi   apparition of saint michael arsenius the great ( eastern orthodox church ) desideratus catherine of st. augustine julian of norwich ( anglican , lutheran ) magdalene of canossa peter of tarentaise teresa demjanovich ( ruthenian catholic church ) may 8 ( eastern orthodox liturgics )   earliest day on which father 's day can fall , while may 14 is the latest ; celebrated on the second sunday of may. ( romania ) earliest day on which mother 's day can fall , while may 14 is the latest ; celebrated on the second sunday of may. ( united states and others ) earliest day on which state flag and state emblem day can fall , while may 14 is the latest ; celebrated on the second sunday of may. ( belarus ) earliest day on which world fair trade day can fall , while may 14 is the latest ; celebrated on the second sunday of may. ( international ) emancipation day ( columbus , mississippi ) furry dance ( helston , uk ) miguel hidalgo 's birthday ( mexico ) parents ' day ( south korea ) truman day ( missouri ) veterans day ( norway ) victory in europe day , and its related observances ( europe ) : time of remembrance and reconciliation for those who lost their lives during the second world war , continues to may 9   white lotus day ( theosophy ) world red cross and red crescent day ( international )   external links    bbc : on this day     on this day in canada   category:days of the year category:may

harry truman : each may 8 this state officially celebrates harry truman 's birthday

missouri